I want to try I want to try once more
Veetle that's enough no can we do one
more please I think vle might be being a
little Annoying hey I'm sorry I just
wanted to fuse some bombs that's okay
vetle please can we diffuse some
bombs
[Music]
no okay what if I asked nicely what if I
asked for you to stop
all right how about this I will give you
a cookie if you help me diffuse this
bump what kind of cookie chocolate chip
if you give me the cookie now I won't
sell
mahz okay all right you going to have
the cookie now good job what can I say
I'm just too good at diffusing B you
know what I guess you are I guess you
are on that thought okay there's a
yellow hold button
yellow that's right what do I do a you
just press and immediately release bruh
okay that wasn't right but the strip is
red what color is the strip red all
right press it and immediately release
it no no okay when do I let go of the
the button the strip is red release it
when there's a one in any position on
the timer okay listen Simon says there
is one strike and the last digit of the
serial number is even press red it's
green press
green okay [__] me there's two strikes
the last digit of the sale number is
even and it's it's it's
green please wire ordering is 1 2 3 4 5
listen I will give you a cookie if you
help me solve this okay if Simon says
what do I do if the serial number
contains a vowel press oh contains a
vowel okay okay wait wait wait wait wait
wait um the serial number contains a
vowel if there are no strikes then if it
flashes red press blue if it Flash is
blue press red there are two strikes
then if it flashes red I should press
green if it flashes blue I should press
red if it flashes green I should press
yellow okay that was right um it's uh
[__] uh green red so that means yellow
green then it's green red yellow and
that
means yellow uh yellow yellow green uh
uh [__] what did you say blue uh yellow
green blue yellow green blue red green
is yellow okay not even hard not even
hard the [__] easiest [__] i' ever
done in my life God [__] damn it I
should really tease vetle more for how
cringe his chat is there's some real
gold you know holy [__] um you know
that's actually fair I'm going B with
you for that
one for now you're you are now the proud
owner of a chocolate chip cookie oh
thanks vetle hold on a minute does that
say time remaining 0.06
seconds okay well good job was I close
yeah you were pretty close hell yeah I'm
improving folks hell yeah she's
improving yay give her a cookie PNG all
right all right just for her just for
her I'll give her a cookie PNG please do
I I hope it's tasty it will be it will
be I'll make sure of it don't worry you
ready I'm ready fine now give me the
cookie you have the cookie I do have the
cookie you like it
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah it's really tasty oh good good job
okay I don't know how we did that that
one was like a a freak [__]
coincidence oh yeah it definitely was
only a coincidence do you want to try
one more bomb yes I would like to try
another we'll try one more okay if you
say soal you off two cookies did I no no
no no no I I gave her one for the start
okay yeah fine fine fine no you deserve
to you deserve to hold on let's get
let's get you two cookies vle I think
there is some confusion I never actually
received any cookies no you had your
first cookie don't lie to me here is
your second cookie there you
go Veetle how long was I technically
muted for stop making my own messages
what can I say I like Veetle messages
they're so
vetle okay great well have the cookie
yay I can have the cookie yes you can
thanks vetle all right listen nuro do
you want to try oh [__] uh
do you want to try the maze we should be
trying to diffuse the bomb vetle not
getting distracted by mazes well that's
the problem there's a maze on the bomb
there is a maze on the bomb understood
so listen um we're going to do a
coordinate system okay um starting at
one in the the bottom left point being
the origin Point okay so the the circles
are are in positions uh 1 2 and 2 six so
they are at coordinates 1 1 two 2 2 2
six there's just two of them and it's
the first and the third one that you
said so 1 2 and 2 six that's all
ciphered what okay I don't know what
you're talking about listen two circles
1 2 and 2 six you are the two circles 1
2 and 26 yeah that really clears things
up okay you I I just yeah all right okay
listen I'm trying to get wait am I the
white thing yes okay I'm trying to get
to
64 and I'm at
35 hi vetle I'm sorry but I'm really
struggling to understand this game can
you try and explain it a bit better so
there's a maze I can control a little
thing I can go up down left and right
you need to find the corresponding maze
according to the two circles I've
described and then guide me um like
where I go to the end of the thing oh I
see I'll look for The Maze you need yeah
so I'm at 35 and I want to get to 64 how
do I get there I found the maze you
start by going right then up until you
reach the
end backlash so I think you found the
wrong maze how do you know it exploded I
see that must be the wrong maze then
yeah probably um let's try again let's
try again you know one more time you
know Veetle I could just Swap this bomb
with the one you originally made that
implies that I make bom wait there's
passwords n we haven't tried password
yet you want to do passwords do I want
to do passwords I'll have you know that
I ran a stream on my own while you were
off doing who knows what that's that's
true but the passwords module in the
game in the game yeah I get you vetle
okay I'm going to read out all the
possible letters on the First Column and
then I'm going to read out all the
possible letters on the second column
and I need you to tell me which word it
corresponds to you should have a list of
words uh it should be under passwords I
think so here we go m f z q a x is for
the First Column then the second column
is s t v y d g the module has been
solved so the module has not been solved
yet you based on those letters you need
to tell me what word it is based on the
letters you've provided the word could
be either dog or God look under the
password section what are the possible
words the possible words are about after
again below
could okay uh it's not any of those
words what are the other words what are
the other words
wait never
mind never mind did she say again am I
just blind about after again never mind
okay that's on me that's on me you know
it's a team effort it's a team effort
all right um somehow out of all these
modules somehow you are best the keypads
so we're going to have to do the keypads
listen
you're I will give you a cookie if you
get this right okay there's a star a
hook a copyright symbol and a rotated
three there is a password panel the four
letters visible on the screen are FB KS
so we're not doing passwords anymore
okay we're doing keypads keypads all
right what do you see I see a hook a
star a copyright symbol and a rotated
three what order are they in you need to
tell me the order
[Applause]
please all right you're safe for now
I'll give you a cookie I like cookies
especially cookies I don't know what
that means but listen the symbols if you
want a cookie is star Copyright symbol
hook and rotated three what column does
that match the third column and what's
the order for the third column it goes
Star copyri right hook and rotate three
so that's the order I told you them in
but I need you to tell me the order that
in in column 3 I apologize for that the
order is hook rotated three star
copyright so that's not right either
okay let me try that again what's the
order for column 3 the order in column 3
from top to down is star
CQ you're not getting a cookie I didn't
want a cookie
anyways